I have come across many forms on the internet.  Probably the most common form I can think of is signing onto any online accounts such as cyberbear, Facebook, or even my online back account.  These serve as security to make sure that your personal information cannot be accessed by just anyone.  Another common type of form is entering a payment method online.  This is used for online shopping, uber and the list goes on and on.  These serve as a way to purchase goods and services online.

A common type of text input is when entering in personal information such as your name and age when filling out an online profile such as Facebook.  This gives the website and anyone else accessing the website information that you are okay with other people viewing.  A selection input serves a very similar purpose except instead of typing out information you can simply select an option provided.  A common example of this is when a website such as Facebook may ask for your gender allowing you to select from a number of options. A button input such as the Submit button allows the information that was entered to be sent to the website, usually through email.  When you order something online and hit submit the order that you want and your information is sent to the company so that they can send you your purchase.

For this assignment I did the reading from the textbook first and then read through the examples on the website.  I then watched the video as I went through the assignment to make sure I was formatting it correctly while also looking back through the textbook. For the assignment it says we should have a png. image for the submit button but I could not find how to do this? Did anyone else have issues with this step?
